Hi everyone!
In this video we will learn how to join tuples to join two or more tuples.
You can use the plus operator like.
In this example we have tuple one and two plus two.
We use the plus operator to join the two tuples.
If you want to multiply the content of a tuple a given number of times, you can use the asterisk operator
like in this example.
Let's execute this two example in PyCharm.
The first example used to join two tuples, we use the plus operator.
Let's see the result.
We have the first tuple and after that the second tuple.
The second example used to multiply a tuple.
It's like to join two two plus with the same items.
My two plus equal.
In case of three.
It will be join another tuple with the same type with the same items.
Let's execute this example.
We have this tuple.
It's like multiply by three.